Architectural Decision Records (#1592)
bitcoindevkit/bdk: docs/adr/template.md

# [short title of solved problem and solution]

* Status: [proposed | rejected | accepted | deprecated | … | superseded by [ADR-0005](0005-example.md)] <!-- optional -->
* Deciders: [list everyone involved in the decision] <!-- optional -->

> * Date: [YYYY-MM-DD when the decision was last updated] <!-- optional -->

Reviewer: I think we should have a section for associated crates. This can help narrow down the context.

# [short title of solved problem and solution]

* Status: [proposed | rejected | accepted | deprecated | … | superseded by [ADR-0005](0005-example.md)] <!-- optional -->

> * Deciders: [list everyone involved in the decision] <!-- optional -->

Reviewer: I think people who proposed the AD are more relevant here. Since people who proposed the AD are responsible for pushing for it, responding to feedback and making sure the changes are sound.

```suggestion
* Authors: [list everyone who authored the AD]
```

Do we need sections for people who approved the AD or offered suggestions?

Reviewer 2: I agree, I think authors are who should be listed and they are easier to determine.

* Date: [YYYY-MM-DD when the decision was last updated] <!-- optional -->

> * Affected modules: [which crate or module is changed]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Targeted modules: [which crate or module does this change target]
```

I think this wording is better. Since a change targeting `bdk_chain` may very likely affect `bdk_wallet`. However, just mentioning `bdk_chain` seems more appropriate here.

> 
> Technical Story: [description | ticket/issue URL] <!-- optional -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Associated Tickets/PRs: [PR/issue links]
```

Technical story should be included in `# Context and Problem Statement`?

## Context and Problem Statement

[Describe the context and problem statement, e.g., in free form using two to three sentences. You may want to articulate the problem in form of a question.]

## Decision Drivers <!-- optional -->

* [driver 1, e.g., a force, facing concern, …]
* [driver 2, e.g., a force, facing concern, …]
* … <!-- numbers of drivers can vary -->

## Considered Options

> * [option 1]
> * [option 2]
> * [option 3]
> * … <!-- numbers of options can vary -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [option 1]
Option 1 details.

#### [option 2]
Option 2 details.

#### [option 3]
Option 3 details.

#### … <!-- numbers of options can vary -->
```

Imo it's better to have more room to describe the options. Maybe the pros/cons can be included here instead of a separate section?
